Minor changes (#175)
bcnmy/docs: partners/overview.md

---
sidebar_label: "Overview"
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /
---

# Add-On APIs & SDKs

> Biconomy SDK is a full stack Account Abstraction solution built with Typescript. However, we know that developers often need many other additional functionalities in addition to Account Abstraction when building out the perfect user friendly Application. Some developers also need other solutions for Account Abstraction to be able to integrate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Biconomy SDK, is a full stack Account Abstraction solution written in Typescript. Acknowledging that, developers often require functionalities in addition to Account Abstraction for building user-friendly applications, some may seek alternative solutions to seamlessly integrate with Account Abstraction.

Our aim is to assist everyone! Explore the following solutions, which can be used alongside Biconomy and built on the Biconomy Infrastructure, to optimize the benefits of Account Abstraction.
```
